Front-end Focused Laravel Engineer for Kickfurther
==================================================

Do you want to join a growing, funded fintech startup with a differentiated
approach focused on physical inventory? Kickfurther is creating a
marketplace that serves users who want to earn money by participating in
the retail economy, and consumer product businesses who need financing for
inventory to meet their own growing demand and production cycles. We use
3rd-party data integrations from a variety of sources to vet co-op
applications and automate business processes. We regularly close
crowd-sourced funding campaigns in just a few minutes as our user base
rushes to fund co-ops, meaning that we simultaneously process many
transactions in a seamless way. Kickfurther itself just closed our largest
investment round; there is a lot to accomplish and we have the means to
accomplish it.

To that end, Kickfurther is looking to add a member to our dev team who
leans toward front end programming. The team is still fairly small, so all
of your contributions will be noticed. All of your work will be deployed
once it is reviewed, so you will be an essential part of building our
platform. We are an honest and hard-working group of people who take our
work seriously, but donâ€™t take ourselves too seriously. We lean towards
simple solutions to complex problems, and complicate things only when
absolutely necessary. We have strong opinions weakly held and are always
open to new ideas. We need someone who shares our values and is excited to
solve the challenges ahead.


Requirements
------------

 * Strong professional Laravel experience, preferably using the TALL stack
 * Strong UX/UI design sensibilities
 * The passion and skills needed to build great-looking, responsive applications
 * A preference for TDD, or some other rigorous testing methodology
 * Fluent in Git and use of Gitflow or a similar such workflow
 * Use of continuous integration/deployment and automated testing pipelines
 * Able to communicate with team members and stakeholders
 * +/- 3 hours from EST timezone (i.e., North, Central, or South America)


Bonus points
------------

 * Experience with Livewire, VueJS, Tailwind, Laravel Valet, Statamic
 * Startup experience

Please send your resume and portfolio to developers@kickfurther.com.
